
<!-- This document is generated by README.qmd. Edit that instead. -->

# Zane’s dissertation proposal

Zane Billings, Andreas Handel, et al.

## Overview

This repository contains all code, exploratory data analysis,
figure/table generation, and text for my **dissertation proposal**,
which I will interchangeably call my **prospectus.** From my
department’s handbook:

> The proposal will include research goals and aims, background and
> rationale, literature review, detailed description of methods
> proposed, and an analytic strategy.

## File structure

This repository is structured as a quarto book project.

* `_book`: contains the final rendered word document output by `quarto render`.
* `figures`: contains all images embedded in the document.
* `README.md`: contains the text you are reading now.
* `proposal-slides-final-version.pptx`: final version of slides presented based on this text.
* Main text sections:
  * `index.qmd`: frontmatter
  * `aims.qmd`: specific aims page
  * `significance.qmd`: significance section
  * `approach.qmd`: approach section
  * `references.qmd`: references and backmatter
* Other files needed for text rendering:
  * `aje.csl`: contains the CSL file for reference formatting.
  * `references.bib`: BibTeX file for generating bibliography.
  * `template.docx`: word template for specifying document formatting.
  * `_quarto.yml`: contains settings for `quarto render` to produce the book.
* Housekeeping and other not-important files
  * `innovation.qmd`: we decided I didn't need to include an innovation section and I forgot to remove this.
  * `notes`: miscellaneous files (todo archive elsewhere)
  * `refs`: more miscellaneous files (todo archive elsewhere)
  * `renv`: housekeeping directory where the `renv` cache and other files are stored.
  * `.Rprofile`, `README.qmd`, `renv.lock`, `_reqs.R`, `dissertation-proposal.Rproj`: housekeeping files

## Aims

**Aim 1.** [soulful-snake](https://github.com/wzbillings/soulful-snake). Relationship between vaccine response and pre-existing immunity, modulation by vaccine dose, and comparison to Veronika's models.

**Aim 2.** [khaki-kite](https://github.com/wzbillings/khaki-kite). Antigenic distance, followup to Amanda's paper. Potentially modeling response with antigenic distance or comparing summary measures of breadth. 

**Aim 3.** [gross-grouse](https://github.com/wzbillings/gross-grouse). Causal modeling of flu vaccine response or protection using DIVERsity data, Andrea Sant's data, Ted's Data, and/or Ben Cowling's data.

## Licensing

All figures and text created by me are licensed under the [CC-BY-SA-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/deed.en) Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license. Some figures were generated using biorender.com with a professional plan and are licensed for reuse under the terms and conditions of the biorender license. Any third-party materials were reused under the conditions of their own license or under free use for educational purposes. I do not retain the license to any materials not created by me.


<!-- End of file -->
